[Drop-In UI] check if location permissions are granted on inResume (#6489)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Made `MapViewBinder#shouldLoadMapStyle` false by default. [#6485](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6485)
- Fixed an issue that prevented any registered `OnBackPressedCallback`s to fire when `NavigationView` is attached. [#6483](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6483)
- Removed `NavigationViewListener.onBackPressed()`. You can register your own [OnBackPressedCallback](https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/activity/OnBackPressedCallback) to intercept any `NavigationView` BACK press events. [#6483](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6483)

> - Fixed an issue with `NavigationView` that caused trip session not to start after granting location permissions that were request by an application. [#6489](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6489)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with `NavigationView` that caused trip session not to start after granting location permissions that was requested outside of Drop-In UI by an application. [#6489](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6489)
```
